#summary Protocol details between client and server.
#labels Phase-Design

= Introduction =
This page is a quick protocol idea drafting page for shbot.


= Details =
== Requests ==
=== LOGIN ===
Will accept 2 arguments, username and password. Not much to question here.
=== LOGINSLAVE ==
Logs into a slave, returns true if it works
=== GETSLAVES ===
Gets the slavelist page, dumps IPs off it, returns these IPs, takes no params.
=== CRACKIP ===
Cracks a slave's password by IP, returns true if it works
=== CLEAR_LOGS ===
Clears a slave's logs takes IP as param, returns true if it works
=== CLEAR_LOCAL_LOGS ===
Clears the local logs, returns true.
=== EXTRACT_LOGS ===
Returns IPs in current machines logs, takes IP as param.
=== EXTRACT_LOGS_BANK ===
Returns a list of bank #s from the current machines logs, machines IP as param.
=== UPL_LIST ===
Returns a list of software that could possibly be uploaded in the format id:name, comma separated.
=== UPLOAD ===
Takes IP and ID provided by UPL_LIST. Uploads a file.
=== AV_LIST ===
Lists AV scanners you can run.
=== AV_RUN ===
Takes IP and ID provided by AV_LIST. Runs av scanner.
=== CAPRET ===
Returns the code for a send captcha

== Replies ==
=== CAPTCHA ===
Rest of reply will contain the image in png format
=== TIMER ===
Will pass back the amount of time to sleep for.
=== RETURN ===
Passes back the data that has actually been requested, this is good. :)

= Example =
|| *Client* || *Server* ||
||LOGIN user password || RETURN 1||
||GETSLAVES || CAPTCHA _PNG IMAGE_||
||CAPRET _HUMAN READ CAPTCHA_ || RETURN 1||
||LOGINSLAVE 1.1.1.1 || RETURN 1||
||EXTRACT_LOGS || RETURN  2.2.2.2 3.3.3.3||
||CRACKIP 2.2.2.2 || RETURN 1||
||LOGINSLAVE 2.2.2.2 ||RETURN 1||
}}}